In this folder, you have the following components:
1. The raw folder.  This folder contains the mqtt strings pulled directly from the sensors, saved using the UI.  The strings use json in order for easy parsing later
2. The pkl folder.  This contains the following files:
    2.1. sensorData_JanFebMarAprMay_byPi.pkl - the initial pandas dataframe generated by parseData.py  If you find any issues with the other pkl files use this one and re-create the others using the jupyter notebook
    2.2. sensors_2022JanToAprExpanded.pkl - the data has nan lines added so that the recording of all components uses a frequency of 2Hz.  At times some sensors didn't transmit data.  This was either due to a network or power issue (natural anomaly).  This pandas dataframe back-fills the data between legitimate readings with nan filler data in order to ensure proper processing by various ML techniques.  If you don;t need/want this, use the original
    2.3. sensors_2022JanToAprProcessed.pkl - this pandas dataframe makes it a little easier to plot or review data points by time.
    2.4. dataPlotDump2022JanToApr.pkl - This pandas dataframe contains all the data neatly packaged for plotting and visualization.  Use the jupyter notebook to plot as you wish
3. readData.py - this is a simple read script.  Not needed, but here for reference.
4. parseData.py - this script is used to parse the raw (json) data into a pandas dataframe for use by the jupyter notebook
5. notebook.ipynb - this is the main post-processing and plotting python environment.  Most of this has already been run and the files (pkl files) created.  The plotting cell is also here.  Future versions of this file are likely going to remove amtplotlib and use plotly for more interactive plots.